README.md, before:

# Oversized
A Minecraft Resource Pack that uses CTM to allow textures too big for a 1m block. All textures used in this pack are free and public domain (not by me).

**Requirements:**  
- [Optifine](https://optifine.net/home).
- Options > Video > Quality > Connected Textures: must be Fast or Fancy.
- A shader supporting PBR materials, ie:
  + BSL, Complementary
    - use Lab 1.3, enable pom, disable pom self-shadows
  + Seus Renewed/PTGI
    - use Lab 1.1

<img src="https://github.com/null511/MCRP-Oversized/raw/main/media/title.png" alt="Preview"></img>

## Try It
You can use this resource pack as-is in either Lab-1.1 or Lab-1.3 encoding; both in 512x, 256x, 128x, & 64x resolution variants. You can find them under _Assets_ in the [Releases](https://github.com/null511/MCRP-Textureless/releases) section.

## Editing
If you do not already have it, you will first want to download a copy of [PixelGraph](https://github.com/null511/PixelGraph/releases). Links to CLI and UI can be found under _Assets_. To avoid publishing repository resources, `~/src` is used as the root content directory.

## License
Textures not owned by me; each is licensed separately.

Commit message:

oak leaves initial; colormap fixes; grass variants; screenshots

README.md, after:

# Oversized
A Minecraft Resource Pack that uses CTM to allow textures too big for a 1m block. All textures used in this pack are free and public domain (not by me).

<img src="https://github.com/null511/MCRP-Oversized/raw/main/media/title.png" alt="Preview"></img>

**Requirements:**  
- [Optifine](https://optifine.net/home).
- _Options_ > _Video_ > _Quality_:
  + **Connected Textures**: _Fast_ or _Fancy_.
  + **Better Grass**: _off_.

- A shader supporting _PBR materials_, ie:
  + LabPBR: such BSL, Complementary, Kappa, MollyVX, etc
  + LegacyPBR: "Old" format, such as Seus Renewed/PTGI
  + Enable POM (_paralax occlusion mapping)
  + Disable POM Self-Shadows

## Try It
You can use this resource pack as-is in either legacy PBR or LabPBR [1.3] encoding; both in 512x, 256x, 128x, & 64x resolution variants. You can find them under _Assets_ in the [Releases](https://github.com/null511/MCRP-Textureless/releases) section.

## Editing
If you do not already have it, you will first want to download a copy of [PixelGraph](https://github.com/null511/PixelGraph/releases). Links to CLI and UI can be found under _Assets_. To avoid publishing repository resources, `~/src` is used as the root content directory.

## License
Textures not owned by me; each is licensed separately.
